codelist: documentType: update completionCertificate description (#1377)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

    * 'technicalSelectionCriteria'
  * [#1186](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1186) Deprecate 'contractSchedule' and edit 'contractAnnexe'.
  * [#1280](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1280) Align the description of 'tenderNotice' and 'technicalSpecifications' with GPA.

>   * [#1377](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1377) Align the description of 'completionCertificate' with the structure of the description OC4IDS.

Reviewer: The main change is to clarify the description.

```suggestion
  * [#1377](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1377) Clarify the description of 'completionCertificate' and align it with the description of 'paymentCertificate' in OC4IDS.
```
